MTM-63823 Add support to withSourceAdditions to events and alarms (#3713)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-2025-302-0-with-source-additions.md

---
date:
title: New parameter withSourceAdditions added to Alarms and Events APIs
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-JlFdtOPva
    label: REST API
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-63823
version: 2025.302.0
---

> The Alarms and Events APIs have been improved with an additional parameter 'withSourceAdditions'. When set to `true` also alarms and events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Alarms and Events APIs have been improved with an additional parameter `withSourceAdditions`. When set to `true` alarms and events
```

> for related source additions will be included in the response. When this parameter is provided a `source` must be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for related source additions will also be included in the response. When this parameter is provided a `source` must be specified.
```

---
date:
title: New parameter withSourceAdditions added to Alarms and Events APIs
change_type:
  - value: change-3BQrQ6adS

>     label: API change

Reviewer: The change type "API change" is reserved for breaking changes. I assume this is just a feature?

Author: It's an additional parameter, so not a breaking change.

Reviewer: Then please change the type to "Feature" (and also replace the value).

Author: Changed.

product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-JlFdtOPva
    label: REST API
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-63823
version: 2025.302.0
---

> Beside already available `withSourceDevices` and `withSourceAssets` parameters a new parameter `withSourceAdditions`

Reviewer 2: Remove - what is the purpose of stating the current parameters?  Also, what does withSourceAdditions actually return, I have searched the API documentation can find no reference to it.

Author: The purpose of stating current parameters is to say that wherever those two are found, there is now a third one. Managed object can have child devices, child assets and child additions. Until now we were only able to query for alarms and events including child assets and/or child devices of the source. Now we can also query query for alarms and events including child additions of the source.

Reviewer 2: Okay, now I get it, might I suggest instead:

The Alarms and Events APIs have been improved with an additional parameter 'withSourceAdditions'. When set to true .....

Author: Changed
